Added paragraph about siteaccess scopes are merged (#2475)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/multisite/multisite_configuration.md

                            Identifier\ContentType: [article]
```

> Be aware of the fact that configurations in the different scopes are merged, not overwritten. This is important to have
> in mind when dealing with arrays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with arrays, configurations from different scopes are merged together. See the following example:
```

Reviewer 2: Just a small remark: "See the following (...)" - new line.

``` yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        default:
          languages: ['eng-GB']
        de:
          languages: ['ger-DE']
```

> The language setting for the `de` siteaccess will in this case be `['ger-DE','eng-GB']`, not `['ger-DE']`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The final value of the `languages` setting for the `de` SiteAccess is `['ger-DE','eng-GB']`, not `['ger-DE']`.
You can always check the final values by running the `ibexa:debug:config` console command. 
For this example, the command looks like this:
``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:debug:config --siteaccess=de languages
```
````
